README.md, before:

# node.js

2024 belajar lagi

npm install nodemon --save-dev

using debugger is important to see logical error in our code

npm install --save express

delete routes.js

learn about express js, middleware, parsing incoming request

npm install --save body-parser

body parser do thing in the middleware

app.use, app.post, app.put ext

form is important to send data

make routes folder, separate admin and shop, import Router is from express

create export from that admin and shop routes then call it in app.js using require

add status 404 for can not get/ sadsdww

filtering path like '/admin'

creating views folder, and add some html

need require path to make sure root folder, and to send view

make folder for helper named util, to make path for root folder clean code

make some nice add product and shop menu

make public folder, with static file system

make products empty array to make product data in routes and send to shop, that require admin

using EJS templating engine, npm install ejs

Commit message:

done with dynamic and templating
kudu teliti

README.md, after:

# node.js

2024 belajar lagi

npm install nodemon --save-dev

using debugger is important to see logical error in our code

npm install --save express

delete routes.js

learn about express js, middleware, parsing incoming request

npm install --save body-parser

body parser do thing in the middleware

app.use, app.post, app.put ext

form is important to send data

make routes folder, separate admin and shop, import Router is from express

create export from that admin and shop routes then call it in app.js using require

add status 404 for can not get/ sadsdww

filtering path like '/admin'

creating views folder, and add some html

need require path to make sure root folder, and to send view

make folder for helper named util, to make path for root folder clean code

make some nice add product and shop menu

make public folder, with static file system

make products empty array to make product data in routes and send to shop, that require admin

using EJS templating engine, npm install ejs, initiate them

copy some css code from the course,

add data to res.render in shop and admin js

using ejs , showing data with ejs and do looping

layout with partial in ejs
